[DOC] Add connection URL info to Pyroscope datasource doc (#99605)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/pyroscope/configure-pyroscope-data-source.md

      destination: /docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/datasources/tempo/configure-tempo-data-source/
    - pattern: /docs/grafana-cloud/
      destination: docs/grafana-cloud/connect-externally-hosted/data-sources/tempo/configure-tempo-data-source/

>   explore-profiles:

Reviewer: Thank you for using the refs like this. I did a double check since this change shows that you're deleting the provisioning-data-sources ref, which is a duplicate of one on line 21. Adding this note in case anyone else catches this.

1. Optional: Use **Additional settings** to configure or modify other options.
1. After completing your updates, select **Save & test**.

#### Connection URL

The data source connection URL should point to a location of a running Pyroscope backend.

**Grafana Cloud Profiles**

> A fully configured data source is automatically provisioned in your Grafana Cloud instance.

Reviewer: Changing the wording slightly to use active instead of passive voice. 
```suggestion
Your Grafana Cloud instance automatically includes a fully provisioned data source.
```

> If you are running a self hosted Grafana instance, or need to configure an additional Pyroscope data source pointing to Grafana Cloud Profiles, you can find the Pyroscope URL under the **Manage your stack** section for your organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running a self-hosted Grafana instance or need to configure an additional Pyroscope data source pointing to Grafana Cloud Profiles, you can find the Pyroscope URL under the **Manage your stack** section for your organization.
```

> **Self hosted Pyroscope backend**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Self-hosted Pyroscope backend**
```

> The connection URL for a self hosted Pyroscope backend depends on how Pyroscope is deployed. Refer to the steps under [Query profiles in Grafana](https://grafana.com/docs/pyroscope/<PYROSCOPE_VERSION>/deploy-kubernetes/helm/#query-profiles-in-grafana) for more information on how to configure the data source.
> 
> If you plan to use the [Explore Profiles](ref:explore-profiles) application and you are running a self hosted Pyroscope backend in microservices mode, the data source connection URL should point to a gateway or proxy that routes requests to the corresponding Pyroscope service. Refer to the [Helm ingress configuration](https://github.com/grafana/pyroscope/blob/main/operations/pyroscope/helm/pyroscope/templates/ingress.yaml) for specific routing requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connection URL for a self-managed Pyroscope backend depends on how Pyroscope is deployed.
Refer to the steps under [Query profiles in Grafana](https://grafana.com/docs/pyroscope/<PYROSCOPE_VERSION>/deploy-kubernetes/helm/#query-profiles-in-grafana) for more information on how to configure the data source.

If you plan to use the [Explore Profiles](ref:explore-profiles) application and you are running a self-managed Pyroscope backend in microservices mode, the data source connection URL should point to a gateway or proxy that routes requests to the corresponding Pyroscope service.
Refer to the [Helm ingress configuration](https://github.com/grafana/pyroscope/blob/main/operations/pyroscope/helm/pyroscope/templates/ingress.yaml) for specific routing requirements.
```
